applications: nrf_desktop: Watchdog documentation (#1228)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/doc/watchdog.rst

.. _watchdog:

Watchdog module
###############

The ``watchdog`` module is responsible for controlling the watchdog timer.
The watchdog timer is used to prevent hangs caused by software or hardware faults.
When the system hangs, it is automatically restarted by the watchdog timer.

Module Events
*************

+----------------+-------------+--------------+-----------------+------------------+
| Source Module  | Input Event | This Module  | Output Event    | Sink Module      |
+================+=============+==============+=================+==================+
|                |             | ``watchdog`` |                 |                  |
+----------------+-------------+--------------+-----------------+------------------+

External dependencies
*********************

The module uses the Zephyr :ref:`zephyr:watchdog` driver.

> For this reason you should set :option:`CONFIG_WATCHDOG` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this reason, set the :option:`CONFIG_WATCHDOG` option.
```

Configuration
*************

The module is enabled by the ``CONFIG_DESKTOP_WATCHDOG_ENABLE`` option.

You must define ``CONFIG_DESKTOP_WATCHDOG_TIMEOUT``.

> After this amount of time (in ms), the device will be restarted if the watchdog timer was not resetted.

Reviewer: resetted -> reset

Author: done

> After this amount of time (in ms), the device will be restarted if the watchdog timer was not fed.

Reviewer: Rephrase `was not fed` to something more specific.

Author: ok

.. note::
  The module is used only in the release configurations (``ZRelease``, ``ZReleaseMCUBoot``).

>   For the debug configurations (``ZDebug``, ``ZDebugWithShell``, ``ZDebugMCUBoot``) enabling watchdog timer may cause losing logs, for example when logger is in panic mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For the debug configurations (``ZDebug``, ``ZDebugWithShell``, ``ZDebugMCUBoot``), enabling watchdog timer can cause losing logs, for example when the logger is in the panic mode.
```

Implementation details
**********************

The watchdog timer is started on the system start.
The module periodically feeds the watchdog timer using :c:type:`struct k_delayed_work`.
The work resubmits itself with delay equal to ``CONFIG_DESKTOP_WATCHDOG_TIMEOUT / 3``.

> In case of the system hang, the work will not be processed, the watchdog timer will not be fed in time and the system will be restarted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of the system hang, the work will not be processed, the watchdog timer will not be fed with data on time, and the system will be restarted.
```

Author: Feeding the watchdog (also refered as kicking the watchdog) is resetting the watchdog timer. The watchdog is not fed with data.

Author: In the documentation I will use `reset the watchdog timer` instead of `feed the watchdog timer`

> In case of the system hang, the work will not be processed, the watchdog timer will not be resetted on time, and the system will be restarted.

Reviewer: resetted -> reset

Author: done
